If you thought being cute makes you more
attractive, asking for less makes you
more convenient, then let me ask you why
are you not getting what you want? The
women who truly get what they want, they
are not extraordinary beautiful. They
don't beg, they don't chase, they don't
overexlain, they are not super kind and
cute. What they do differently is that
they understand how a human's mind
works. They know exactly when to pull
back, when to say absolutely nothing,
and when to reward. And somehow
everything men, money, opportunities is
starting to chase them. That's why in
today's video, I'm going to explain you
the exact strategies that smart women
use to get everything they want. Hi
guys, if you're new here, my name is
Michaela and everything on my channel is
about how to embody your queen energy
and how to become the most powerful,
beautiful, and unshakable version of
yourself. I want women to see their true
worth and never ever settling for less
because ultimately once you do that too,
your life will change 360. Let's get
into this. The first principle I want to
talk about is reciprocity. Really smart
women know how to make people want to
give back. You need to understand that
people feel really uncomfortable when
they keep taking without giving back.
Now, a smart woman knows how to use that
to her own benefit. She triggers that
instinct by giving something small, some
warmth, some appreciation, some small
gesture. Please don't confuse that with
overgiving. give just enough to get that
I owe her something response activated.
Also, giving doesn't always mean
something materialistic, something
touchable, physical. You can give
compliments. You can give your charm.
For example, when you meet a man and you
give him a compliment, you compliment
his taste. compliment his capability to
fix something. You compliment something
in his character. He will feel so valued
and he will want to top that up. His
brain will naturally look for ways how
he can give back. And this naturally
comes with gifts, effort or surprises.
Don't get me wrong, I keep talking a lot
about men, but ultimately you can use
these strategies for everyone in your
life. not only for men, for friends, for
family members, for literally anyone.
And also keep in mind that this has
nothing to do with manipulation. It's
simple knowing how a human's mind works
and playing the game. You can keep
saying it's exhausting to play the game,
but the world is a game. If you do not
want to play the game, then keep stay
small. Don't listen to any advice of
mine. Just do you. But if you want to
progress in life, you need to also
follow the rules of today's world. You
need to engage in today's game. If you
don't, you will keep acting like a
non-playable character like in the Sims
game and you won't ever have any outcome
that you desire because instead people
will play with you. People will decide
over your life if you do not decide over
your life. Also, I want you to keep in
mind that yes, even though it feels
uncomfortable and unnatural to you to
use strategies or to play a game, but
what in life is comfortable? If you want
progress, if you want to get something
in life, if you want money, you need to
get a job. You need to work for money,
right? Everything comes with an exchange
of effort. If you go to university, you
will get an exam and you will go get a
job. And this is actually nothing else.
You need to learn and study the human
psyche, the human mind, the human
responses in order to learn how to deal
with it and get your desired outcome.
Now, let's get into our second
principle. Smart women know how to
create contrast. As humans, we always
value what feels slightly or a lot
different than everything else. It's
called the contrast effect. So if you're
really smart, you do not try to blend
in. You do not want to look like
everyone else. You're not acting like
everyone else. You want to stand out by
being and acting completely different.
If it's your energy, your looks, or your
boundaries, you need to stand out by
being exceptionally different. And if
you manage that, you will become
memorizable in any room. For example,
now I learned to have really high
standards and boundaries for myself and
it's pretty rare. Everyone around me is
not having that. So when I go into any
room, I do stand out because I do not
give my time freely. I do not give my
attention freely. You literally have to
prove that you're worthy of my
attention, which for some people is too
much. For others, they find me very
special. Others they find me very
attractive. Others they find me
admirable. In any case they do all
memorize me. Or for example in dating
most women do overexlain and chase. But
if you are a little bit more mysterious
and selective you will see he can't stop
thinking about you because you stand
out. You are a bit different. Your
behavior breaks the pattern. The next
principle is use silence as pressure.
Again, I'm not telling you to actually
manipulate people or be mean to people,
but know how to play the game and use
the strategies in your favor. In
negotiations, in relationships,
wherever, whenever, silence always
creates discomfort. People rush to fill
that silence. And usually, it's with
unnecessary information that doesn't
need to be said, that reveals too much,
that is full of concessions. Now really
smart women they know when to pause and
they are comfortable in that silence and
this is the same in sales or in any
other job when you're negotiating about
something once you set your price and
after you go quiet you usually win over
the one who starts to overexlain why the
price is justified. And if you translate
that into dating or your relationship
with a man or even with a friend, when
someone does something disappointing,
instead of you overexlaining why you
feel disappointed, simply withdraw your
attention. Withdraw, go silent, don't do
anything, don't say anything, the other
person will feel the distance and
instinctively tries to fix it. Principle
number four and the absolute gamecher is
to frame everything as a benefit for the
other person. People always act when
they feel like it's their idea. Now,
smart women use framing bias. They
present what they want as something that
helps the other person. This actually is
one of the smartest move you can take.
And I'm not going to lie, it's not easy.
Even I am still struggling to do that.
It's pretty difficult to make the other
person believe it was their idea or it's
actually benefiting them to give you
what you want and making it seem like it
doesn't really benefit you that much. It
benefits more the other person. A little
example. Instead of saying to your
boyfriend or your date to buy you a
specific perfume or flowers, say flowers
would make me feel so soft and happy and
comfortable and I would literally be so
relaxed and just wanting to cuddle all
day. It's so romantic. Or if you're
asking for that perfume, you don't say,
"Hey, buy me this perfume." You say,
"When I smell good, I feel so much more
soft and feminine around you. It just
makes me want to spend even more time
with you, and it reminds me of all the
beautiful moments we have, even when we
are not together, keep framing it as
something that is beneficial for the
other person." Another example, if you
want to go on a holiday or you want to
go for dinner, make it seem like it's
super beneficial for the other person.
Make it seem it's almost
obvious that this must be done for the
other person to be more happy to enjoy
food to see this country that you want
to go to. Please keep in mind to not do
that to make people do something they
actually do not want to do. But
sometimes you can push someone to do
something that actually is in their
benefit. For example, when I want to go
out with my best friend and she's just
not in the mood, but ultimately I know
it would be better for her to go out and
also for me. So, I'm trying to frame it
as it would be the best idea for her to
get out. I would tell her things like
you would meet someone new, can stop
thinking for a second, whatever is
coming to my mind. Ultimately, if it's
someone you like and you do not want to
disappoint, you want to continue the
relationship, it always actually has to
become the other person's win too. Now,
principle number five, make people
invest emotionally before they logically
commit. If you know how to build
emotional hooks through storytelling,
vulnerability, or shared experiences,
you already won. Always do this before
asking for anything. If you tell a man
how safe you feel when he takes care of
your bills, when he takes care of
certain things, before it's actually for
him time to do that, he's already
connecting that emotion with providing
for you. So when you later ask for
something, he tends to say yes to it
because he's already emotionally
invested. If you share vulnerability in
the beginning just enough to make him
feel like he's close to you and he gets
to know the real you, then he will feel
more connected to you. He's less likely
to want to let you go and he is less
likely to say no to anything. Another
thing I want to talk about is confidence
and desperation. In whatever situation
you are, never ever be desperate or
never show your desperation. For
example, you truly need money to pay
your bills. Do never make it seem like
you truly need that money. Best case is
that you never let it even come to be
desperate. Always have something on the
side. Have money on the side. Have a
backup plan and a backup plan of the
backup plan. So you will never ever be
even in a situation where you will be
desperate. You can ask for things and
you should ask for things without being
desperate for having this specific
thing. You always want to come from
abundance, especially if it is about
asking for something. But even if it's
just about getting your point across,
you never want to feel desperate to get
someone's opinion on your side. You
shouldn't care about what the other
person is thinking or how the other
person's opinion is. But sometimes also
make them believe that their opinion is
important. If you already from the
get-go make people believe that their
opinion do not matter. You're already
giving away way too much of your power.
It's always good to make them feel like
their opinion matters to you. But then
ultimately do not get attached to their
opinion. Which brings me to another
point which is not a specific strategy
but it's a very important skill to be
detached from whatever. You have to be
detached from materialistic stuff from
any outcome from any opinions from
people. You have to be your own full
person which comes in with confidence.
If you are already full and happy with
your life, you have your own money going
on. You have your own life going on. you
have your hobbies, your friends, you
won't be so attached to someone. Nobody
else is more important than you are in
your life. And believe me or not, people
will feel that. People always want to be
part of something that is slightly
unattainable but not completely
unreachable. So make yourself busy. Be
not always available. Give the
impression that you are so important.
Your life is so important. Even if
you're not minimum give the impression
that you're so full of your life. You're
busy with doing whatever you're doing.
You're not answering immediately. You're
not available for a call immediately.
You are not available for a meetup. Now
you need to be a little bit unattainable
but not unreachable. Anyways guys, I
hope this could help. I hope you
understand what you can do to get
everything you want in life. And please
don't forget, we do not want to
manipulate people to make them do things
they ultimately don't want to do. We
want to slightly
maneuver our way or our opinion to make
them believe it's their opinion and to
ultimately benefit us but also benefits
them. Thank you so much for watching. I
love you so so much and I see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.